[Music]
who's next place
can i have some prawns please fresh
frozen to cook frozen please
how much do you need about 500 grams
please
that'd be 10.90
thank you thank you
can i help you some of these leaks how
many love
three uh something else uh some ginger
right there love oh right just this
piece please
okay do you have any bean sprouts yes we
do how much would you like
about 100 grams
will that be all yes thanks that'll be
four dollars thanks
[Music]
thank you okay
i'm sorry hi steve thanks for
into new year we have two in such a
hurry oh no we're
i thought i saw someone i know oh where
oh it's okay he's gone now i must have
made a mistake
you got time for a coffee yeah
[Music]
so what are you doing at the market i'm
cooking at your house on friday remember
of course friday that'll be great what
about you
do you come here what's money
when someone says do you come here often
it's what we call a pickup
line you know when someone's i know
where to pick up
sorry i come here every week by free i
like
fresh fruit for work what are we having
for dinner
you'll find out on friday
do you want to take your shopping home
i'll put it in the fridge for you no
that's okay
i have a fridge in my room at the hotel
[Music]
the person who saw who did you think it
was
uh it's a long story maybe i'll tell you
later
on friday maybe
i thought i saw david at the market but
i didn't get a very good look and i lost
him in the crowd
ah when was this just yesterday how long
since you've seen him
nearly two years are you sure you'd
recognize him now
of course he's my brother it's
just i'm thinking he
might have changed his appearance if he
didn't want to be found
mr baba i would recognize my brother
believe me
of course i'm sorry maybe you did see
him at the market it's just
you've been thinking about him a lot the
mind plays tricks you know
i suppose so maybe it wasn't him
i don't know is there anything that
would positively identify
him um a jury a scar anything
his watch my father gave it to him he
always wears it
can you describe it it's an
old-fashioned watch an omega
it was our grandfather's what's the band
made of
silver and the watch has an inscription
it says
to my son norman nolan
that's our father's name grandfather
gave it to him
in chinese in chinese
he might have a neck band i gave it to
him as a going away present
what's it like it's made of
tortoiseshell
it's a disc with a design
like this ah
yin yang that's right you know what
the band is made of leather he said he'd
always wear it
yes well it's uh it's it's just not much
but it's something i suppose i'll call
you next week
with some news i hope so
excuse me i have an appointment to see
dr chang at 2 30. and your name
lee anly ms lee yes
please take a seat doctor will see you
soon thank you
ms lee doctor we'll see you now
thank you
seriously how can i help you i've been
getting some very bad headaches lately
and i feel tense when do you get them
usually at night but sometimes in the
morning too
and have you been taking anything for
them no
you look tense are you working too hard
not really
i'm over here from singapore buying
wines but something's worrying you
am i right
yes i'm worried about my brother
he's been missing for two years no
wonder you've been getting headaches
but just let me give you a checkup to
make sure it's nothing else
your blood pressure is a little high but
your heart is fine
i'm sure it's the worry about your
brother that's causing the headaches
what can i do try to relax and get some
rest
do you prefer western or chinese
medicine i prefer chinese medicine
here are some tablets take two three
times a day
and try not to worry about your brother
i'm sure you'll find him soon thank you
i hope so
you're feeling better now yes the doctor
said i should relax
oh why don't you sit down let me cook no
i enjoy cooking it is relaxing for me
okay then well let me help oh what do
you need
i need a sharp knife the knives are in
this drawer
and a wok do you have one yes of course
it's in this cupboard
and do you have a um i don't know what
it's called a kind of a sauce pan with
holes in it
a colander it's in here too
it's behind the saucepans
and i'll need a bowl large or small big
enough to hold these prawns
oh yum prawns i love prawns
how about this one no that's too big i
don't need one as big as that
this one that's perfect
okay i'm ready
what are we having singapore noodles
with prawns
it's a very famous dish you can buy it
at street stores everywhere
i hope you like it i'm sure we will so
what do we do first first we have to
peel the prawns
oh okay i'll do that
now what now we'll fry the prawns the
oil must be very hot
it doesn't take very long while i'm
doing that you can chop the leeks
chop them very fine
[Music]
like this yes sort of
now what next we add the spices and some
ginger
and the leeks
okay and now now the leeks are soft
we put in some bean sprouts
and then the corners
[Music]
and the noodles
all in together is that all almost
lastly we add some of this special sauce
didn't think i'd be able to find this
here your market's very good
that's it we're almost ready i hope your
family's hungry
that was delicious ann i'm glad you
enjoyed it
yes it was very tasty if you went to
singapore you could have it every day
there you are mark the advantages of
travel
i thought it was absolutely superb thank
you steve
what did you think louise too hot
oh i'm sorry that's how we eat in
singapore
do you want to play dance what's that
come on i'll show you
can i play too no louise
let anne relax she cooked dinner so
we'll clean up
you have to hold it like this gently
like this look
where you want the dart to go and throw
it but
not too hard
that's pretty good for a beginner
and you seem sad again
what's the matter there's something i
haven't told you
this is your brother yes i know this man
you know him i'm sure it's him
this is man who works at the store where
i buy fruit oh i knew it
i knew it was him we must go there now
hold on hold on it's 10 o'clock at night
the market's closed let me have another
look
how long since you've seen him two years
hey tim i'm sure it's him what's going
on
steve says he knows my brother what oh i
think so
he says david's working at the market
that's right my brother sells fruit for
a living
steve are you sure yes
ann thinks she saw him well the markets
are open tomorrow
let's find out i can't believe it
david working at the market
he's not here give me the photo i'll ask
excuse me yes mate we're looking for
this man he works here doesn't he
who wants to know this is his sister
she's been looking for him
don't know anything about her sister he
never mentioned her sister but it is him
isn't it
please say it's him yeah he will
this does look like our davo i reckon
it's in love
thank you thank you david so where is he
look i don't know mate he rang yesterday
and he said he wanted a couple of days
off i said okay
he's usually pretty good do you know
where he lives
i'll just get my ball we'll go there
straight away
[Music]
straight ahead yes no i left it the next
lights
how far is it not far keep going along
this road until you get to a roundabout
[Music]
what's that it's the cops
now see your license please
here you are i'm sorry officer what's
the problem
i'm afraid you were traveling at 70
kilometers per hour in a 60 kilometer
zone
i also see you have a passenger in the
back seat who is not wearing a seat belt
do you know that you must wear a seat
belt when you're traveling in a vehicle
man
i'm sorry i forgot you see officer
my friend here has been looking for her
brother who she hasn't seen for
two years and we've just discovered the
address
we were driving there when you pulled us
over yes well you hear a lot of stories
in this job
i haven't heard that one before but it's
true
i'm really sorry it's all my fault i was
only thinking about my brother and now
you're in trouble
it's okay that's my fault we're going
too fast just stick to the speed limit
okay
thank you officer thank you so much but
that's no excuse for not wearing a seat
belt
right now be off with you have to find
your brother man
thanks officer
the first one student student
is the person who study in their school
in the colleges or in university
classes so we have students remember
don't say student or student okay that
is
student student student
number two nurse nurse is
the person who takes care of the ill or
injured
people in the hospital so we say
nurse nurse number
three doctor doctor is the person who
checks people's health and treat
the illness or disease doctor
doctor number four dentist
dentist is the person who
take takes care or tweet some
everything's about people's teeth okay
so we say dentist remembers
dentist number five
veterinary veterinarian
veterinarian or in short form we can say
that that is the doctor
of animals that means the person who
takes care
and treat animals ills the ill illness
or disease
okay so we say veterinarian
or that that very quick
right number six engineer
engineer is the person who design
or or design things like buildings
or bridges or roads or engines something
like that
engineer engineer
engineer okay baker
baker is the person who
make and sell things like bread
or cakes so we say becker
number eight butcher
butcher don't say butcher okay this is
bucha
bucha butcher
is the person who cut and sell
meats butcher
number nine chef
or cook cook is the person
who cook who who cooks food
and chef is the professional cooks
usually
the chef is the cook professional cooks
in the uh restaurant or the hotels
so we say chef
chef this one cook cook
remember don't say this chip chef okay
this is
chef chef
number 10 construction worker
construction worker is the the people
who build the houses or
or roads okay construction remembers
threat struck construction worker
teacher teacher that means the the
person who teach
you teachers who teaches you any
subjects
english math physics chemistry
literature
okay teacher usually works in the school
instructor instructor also the same
with with teacher instructor that means
instruct you
help you to do the things correctly
a coach usually coach
if in sports in sports your teacher
in sports is your coach i in sports
we don't use teacher we just use couch
okay so
the same teacher teacher
instructor remembers to restruct
instructor coach
coach remember ch
and number 12 hair dresser
hair dresser or barber hairdresser is
the person who
cut or wash and then shape
your hair okay hair dress remember the
dresser hair dresser and barber
barber is the person who cuts men's hair
just men's hair okay and hair to answer
anybody
so hair tracer this is barber
okay so again student
student nurse nurse
doctor doctor dentist
dentist veterinarian veterinarian or
vet engineer
engineer baker
baker butcher butcher
chef chef cook
cook construction worker
construction worker teacher
teacher instructor instructor
coach coach hair dresser
hair dresser
bubber bubber farmer
farmer is the person who works in the
farm their job is to
grow in plants trees
vegetables or keep the animals so we
call
farmer farmer
electrician electrician means the person
who repairs electrical equipment like
the tv
or the fridge something like that so
elect
electrician electricians or maybe repair
their
computers the laptops okay so
electricians
mechanic mechanic remember this is not
much
mechanic okay this is mechanic
mechanic that means uh the person their
job is
uh whose job is to repair
the engines like vehicles just like you
know motorbikes
cars something like that so this is
mechanic
plumber remember not be here
we we write the word be here but we
don't spell
but sorry but we don't pronounce plumber
we say
plum plumber plumber that means
um the person um
his job is to fit and then repair
or fix water pipes or something in the
toilets
so we say plumber plumber
remember okay plumber
locksmith locksmith is the person
who make or fit or repair or fix
the locks or something with the with any
keys okay so we say a locksmith
locksmith uh
miner miner is the person who
works in the mine the mine is the
underground
place where you can find gold uh
go diamonds or coal okay so we can say
miner miner architect
architect architect is the person
who designs the buildings or houses
so we say architect architect
scientist
scientist is the person who
study about natural desires uh
some things with biology physics or
chemistry
okay so we say scientist
scientist remembers scientist
secretary secretary secretary is the
person who works for
the managers ceos or president
and that job is to deal with the phone
calls
letters emails arranging meetings and
appointments
so we say secretary tree remember this
is
tree secretary um
assistant assist remember to ask here
assistant assistant is the person who
works for other people you know like uh
that assistant help or support the other
uh person in in the job okay so we say
assistant
assistant clerk
clerk is the person who take notes
keep their records or accounts in the
shop
store or in the office and sometimes
it also means like the sales person in
the shop or in the store
clerk color remember color so we say
clerk clerk um
librarian librarian is the person
who works in the library okay so
librarian librarian
again farmer farmer
electrician electrician
mechanic mechanic plumber
plumber locksmith locksmith
miner miner
architect architect
scientist scientist
secretary secretary
uh assistant assistant
clerk clerk or librarian
librarian pilot pilot
pilot is the person who operates and
controls the airplane
pilot pilot flight
remember fl flight attendant
or you can link them together flight
attendant flight attendant
is the person who jobs is to
take cares and serve the passengers on
the plane
flight attendant flight attendant
tour guide tour guide when you go on a
tour
that means when you go traveling you
need a guide that means
a person who shows you around right
so to a guide to a guide
receptionist receptionist is the person
who works in a hotel or an office
building
and they will do with the customers who
arrive and then go and then
they can do with the uh the phones phone
calls
something like that so receptionist
receptionist
driver remember the driver
driver you can say taxi driver or
truck or lorry driver driver
trevor is the person who drives okay the
the taxi or the truck or the lorry so
driver driver
social worker this is sure
okay so so show
worker social worker social worker is
the person who uh
works uh anything with the society that
that is called the social work
okay so social worker
producer producer producer that means
the person who has to produce something
like
produce a song or a fame something like
that so we say
producer producer
film star theme star okay film star
light that means an actor or an actress
actor
is a a male film star an actress
is a female film star so we can say
theme star actor actress actor and
actress in the film right
so film star actor
actress theme star
actor actress server
server is the person who works in
maybe a hotel or especially a restaurant
and
they would serve you the food they would
do with the ordering and then serve you
the food
right so server server
or for male you can say waiter
waiter and female you can say
waitress waitress and remember the t
here
we stress at weight and you can say
waiter you can say wait
remember if the t is not stressed it can
be
pronounced like okay so we say waiter
waiter
waiter and waiter still okay
server server waiter
waiter or waiter waitress
waitress is a female right
sales person sales remember s
sales person salesperson is the person
who sells the products
okay in a short something like that so
we say
sales person sales
person don't say sell this is ill sales
person
e so we say el sales person
or for a man you can say salesman
salesman
for women you can say sales woman
saleswoman sales person
salesman saleswoman remembers
sales person salesman and saleswoman
okay woman
police you all know about the police
right you can say police officer
police officer for both men and women
but if you want to stay
for um for men you can say policeman
policeman
for a woman you can say sorry you can
say policewoman
policewoman so again police officer
police officer or you can link them
together police officer
remember ce at the end we pronounce as
okay police officer police officer
policeman policeman policewoman
policewoman business
person business person remember the s
here
business business business
business person business
person or for the man you can say
business man sorry businessman
businessman businessman and this one
you can say business
woman business
woman business woman so again
business person businessman
business woman one more time again
pilot pilot flight attendant
flight attendant tour guide tour guide
receptionist receptionist
driver driver social worker
social worker producer producer
film star film star actor
actor actress server
server waiter waitress
waitress sales person
sales person salesman saleswoman
police officer police officer policeman
policewoman business person
businessman businesswoman